Summary of Changes:

	***Note: Additional JAR files included.  Program will not run without them!

	Entities Added:
		1. Portal
		2. Tank
		3. DiseasedOcto
		
	Additional Classes:
		1. Jukebox (because having background music makes it that much better...)
		
	A. How to trigger event...
		i. Left-click the mouse anywhere in the viewport
		ii. Try to avoid moving the PApplet window-> DISREGARD
		iii.  Used "mouseX" and "mouseY" rather than "MouseInfo"...move the window around all you want.  She works just fine...
	
	B. What should happen when the program is run?
		i. Song "Under the Sea" should play
		ii. Program should run per usual
	
	C. What should happen when the event is triggered?
		i. Song should change to "Shoot to Thrill" (AC/DC)
		ii. A Portal should spawn where the mouse was clicked, surrounded by a 9x9 grid of "outer space" background images.
			If the mouse was clicked over a tile occupied by an entity, the Portal should spawn nearby.  The Portal should begin animating immediately.
		iii. A Tank should spawn to the right of the Portal and begin animating and hunting Crabs.
		iv. If any of the entities specified below are within 5 tiles of the Portal, they should be almost immediately affected (see section D).
		v. Each subsequent mouse click should spawn a new Portal and Tank
		
	D. What should the affected entities do?
		i. If the entity is an Obstacle,  Fish, Crab, or seaGrass, it should get "sucked into outer space" via a "Quake" animation.
		ii. If the entity is an Octo type, it should either be transformed by the Portal or remain a "Diseased Octo".  Diseased Octos hunt for Atlantis, but
			unlike a Full Octo, Diseased Octos destroy Atlantis upon contact, causing a new seaGrass to spawn.
	
	E. What should the new entities do?
		i. Portals spawn tanks and either destroy or transform most of the original entities. Portals should animate immediately.
		ii. Tanks animate in two ways:
			a. if you look closely, you can see the tracks of the tank "turning"
			b. more obviously, you can observe the big gun shooting
		iii. Tanks also hunt down and destroy crabs.  Tanks are unaffected by Portals
		iv. Diseased Octos turn pink and purple and display normal Octo animation behavior.
			Diseased Octos hunt for Atlantis to destroy it.
		
	F. Who worked on this project?
		i. Jason Davis
		